Q: What are you infesting in? A: I'm infesting in your kid's ears and nesting. Q: How do you describe your presence in the media? A: It's a disaster, such a catastrophe for you to see so much of my ass. Q: What do you do when someone asks for you? A: I fix their bent antenna, tune it in and then I enter in. Q: What’s your opinion about techno? A: It's over, nobody listens to techno. Q: Why is it a job for you? A: Because without me, it all feels so empty. Q: What did you just settle? A: All my lawsuits, saying "fuck you, Debbie". Q: What do you call those kids who are feeling rebellious? A: Little Hellions. Q: Why doesn't Ms. Cheney have time to take care of things? A: Because her husband's heart problem's complicating. Q: Who are you telling to follow you? A: Everybody. Q: How would you describe your return to music? A: Like starting a revolution, pollutin' the airwaves. Q: Who are you a rebel against? A: Anybody who's talking this shit, that shit. Q: How do you feel about testing attention? A: I say, testing, attention please! Q: What happens when you give the signal? A: Things are about to get heavy. Q: What’s your take on Chris Kirk Patrick? A: He can get his ass kicked worse than them little Limp Bizkit bastards. Q: With whom do you go tit for tat? A: With anybody who's talking this shit, that shit. Q: How do you handle unwanted behavior? A: I sort it out by insulting them. Q: What kind of remarks do you make with a pencil? A: Dope, suspenseful remarks! Q: What has been the result of you being the worst thing since Elvis Presley? A: Twenty million other white rappers emerge. Q: What's the game plan with Obie Trice? A: He's real, no gimmicks. Q: How do you explain your way of dealing with the world? A: It's just me, I'm just obscene. Q: Who might get stomped by Obie? A: Moby, for being overly critical. Q: How does it feel to have everyone kiss your ass? A: It makes me feel like a rebel, like I'm reveling and basking. Q: How would you describe your lyrics since wrestling? A: The best thing- I'm interesting, testing, attention please! Q: Who appreciates how your music impacts their lives? A: The kids where my voice infests in their ears and nests. Q: What’s the main thing we should do when you're back? A: Fix your bent antenna, tune it in, and listen closely. Q: How did you insult Moby? A: By referring to him as a 36-year-old bald-headed fag. Q: Why do you think the FCC won't let you be? A: Because they try to shut me down on MTV. Q: How do you describe your influence on the kids? A: Infesting in your kid's ears and nesting. Q: How do you plan to enter the scene? A: I plan to enter in, end up under your skin like a splinter. Q: How do you describe your attention-seeking approach? A: I'm a nuisance. When someone mentions me, feel the tension. Q: What do you think of yourself? A: I'm just me, I'm just obscene. Q: What is your opinion being the first king of controversy? A: I think it better suits me being the worst thing since Elvis Presley. Q: How do you describe the circumstance where 20 million other white rappers emerge? A: It's proof that there's a concept that works. Q: How do you justify using black music? A: I used it to get myself wealthy. Q: How do you describe when you're back for the winter? A: I become the center of attention. Q: What happens in case there are many fish in the sea? A: It'll still be so empty, without me. Q: Who can get their ass kicked worse than the Limp Bizkit bastards? A: Chris Kirk Patrick can. Q: How do you deal with the 36-year-old baldheaded critic? A: I say 'blow me' and announce it's over, nobody listen to techno. Q: What's your response to parents still listening to Elvis?A: Kids feel embarrassed and start feeling helpless. Q: What do you do when you're not co-operating at the hospital? A: I start rockin' the table while he's operating.
Q: Who's back? A: Shady's back! Tell a friend. Q: What are you giving the audience if they want Shady? A: A little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor and some vodka that'll jump start my heart quicker! Q: What won't the FCC let you be? A: The FCC won't let me be or let me be me! Q: How does it feel without you? A: It feels so empty without me! Q: Why do you tell everyone to follow you? A: Because we need a little controversy! Q: Who gets embarrassed when their parents still listen to Elvis? A: Little Hellions, kids feelin' rebellious. Q: What type of personality do you claim to have? A: I'm interesting, the best thing since wrestling. Q: What do you offer if someone mentions you? A: Feel the tension, here's my ten cents, my two cents is free. Q: Whose ass can get kicked worse than them little Limp Bizkit bastards? A: Chris Kirk Patrick can get his ass kicked worse! Q: Who can get stomped by Obie? A: Moby can get stomped by Obie! Q: What are you ready with if given the signal? A: I'll be there with a whole list full of new insults. Q: What have you been since Prince turned himself into a symbol? A: Dope, suspenseful with a pencil. Q: Why does it seem that everybody only wants to discuss you? A: Because it must mean I'm disgusting, but it's just me, I'm just obscene. Q: Who are you seen as the first king of? A: Controversy. And, I am the worst thing since Elvis Presley to do black music so selfishly. Q: What has been the concept that works? A: Using black music to get myself wealthy. Q: How will it be no matter how many fish in the sea? A: It'll be so empty, without me! Q: What is your job? A: My job is to create a bit of controversy. Q: How do you respond to people talking shit? A: I go tit for tat with anybody who's talking this shit, that shit. Q: Who are you claiming to be back for? A: For the winter, I'm the center of attention. Q: What happens when you enter in? A: I end up under your skin like a splinter. Q: How will we weather this world? A: We'll walk this world together through the storm, whatever weather, cold or warm. Q: What should others know if they feel like they've been down the same road? A: Just lettin' you know that you're not alone. Holla if you feel like you've been down the same road. Q: How do my words impact the world before I lay 'em? A: You can try and read my lyrics off of this paper before I lay 'em, But you won't take the sting out these words before I say 'em. Q: What do you say you'll do when you make up your mind? A: When I say I'ma do something, I do it, I don't give a damn what you think. Q: What's your mission in life? A: I'ma be what I set out to be, without a doubt, undoubtedly. Q: What happens to those who look down on you? A: And all those who look down on me, I'm tearing down your balcony. Q: How long will you keep going? A: Until he bows out or he shits his bowels out of him, whichever comes first. Q: What's your relationship with the game? A: He's married to the game, like a fuck-you for Christmas. His gift is a curse. Q: What seems to be your feeling towards the universe? A: The urge to pull his dick from the dirt and fuck the whole universe. Q: What's your stand on 'playing around'? A: 'Cause I ain't playin' around, it's the game called circling. Q: How did you feel after the release of your last "Relapse" CD? A: Let's be honest, that last "Relapse" CD, was "eh." Perhaps I ran the max and since hit the ground. Q: What’s your plan when you see you're getting fed up? A: Tryin' to put my life back together right now. Q: How did getting clean impact your journey? A: It was my decision to get clean, I did it for me. Admittedly, I probably did it subliminally for you. Q: What was your realisation after going through intense situations? A: I've been through the ringer, but take it through little to the middle finger. Q: What commitments are you making concerning drama? A: No more drama, from now on I promise to only focus on handling my responsibilities as a father. Q: What's your view on your strength? A: 'Cause the way I feel, I'm strong enough to go to the club or the corner pub and lift the whole liquor counter up. Q: What are you aiming for? A: 'Cause I'm raising the bar, I shoot for the moon but I'm too busy gazing at stars. Q: How do you feel about your progress? A: I feel amazing. Q: What is your message to the world? A: I'm doing this for me, so f**k the world. Q: What happens if the world tries to stop you? A: Feed it beans, it's gassed up if it thinks it's stopping me. Q: What will happen to those who question you? A: No ifs, ands, or buts, don't try to ask him why or how can he. Q: What's your output from "Infinite" down to the last "Relapse" album? A: He's still shitting whether he's on salary, paid hourly. Q: How do you express your rage? A: The urge to pull his d**k from the dirt and f**k the whole universe. Q: How am I going to treat people who claimed kingship but lied? A: You said you were the king, you lied through your teeth. For that, f**k your fillings, instead of getting crowned you're getting capped. Q: What is your ultimatum if I'm not playing around? A: All I'm trying to say is get back, click clack, pow. Q: What do you do when you think you have finally figured things out, but you haven't? A: Thought I had it mapped out, but I guess I didn't. This f**king black cloud still follows me around. Q: What kind of workout are your demons currently doing? A: But it's time to exorcise these demons, these motherf**kers are doing jumping jacks now. Q: What are you dealing with starting today? A: So starting today, I'm breaking out of this cage. I'm standing up, I'ma face my demons. Q: What's your strategy to tackle being fed up with situations? A: I'm standing up, I'ma hold my ground. I've had enough, now I'm so fed up. Q: Who actually helped you to become a brand new person? A: So I could come back a brand new me, you helped see me through. Q: How do you deal with haters? A: My world, haters can make like bees with no stingers and drop dead. Q: What do you plan to do with your responsibilities as a father? A: I solemnly swear to always treat this roof like my daughter. Q: How confident are you about raising your expectations? A: And raise it, you couldn't lift a single shingle on it. Q: What are you focused on when setting your aspirations? A: 'Cause I'm raising the bar, I shoot for the moon but I'm too busy gazing at stars. Q: What are you not afraid to do? A: I'm not afraid, I'm not afraid to take a stand, to take a stand Q: What’s your invitation to everybody? A: Everybody, everybody come take my hand, come take my hand. Q: How do you support those feeling alone? A: Just letting you know that you're not alone, holla if you feel like you’ve been down the same road. Q: What is the consequence for trying to stop you from causing mayhem? A: 'Cause ain't no way I'ma let you stop me from causing mayhem. Q: How did you handle falling down? A: And to the fans, I'll never let you down again, I'm back. Q: How did your last "Relapse" CD run according to you? A: Let's be honest, that last "Relapse" CD, was "eh" perhaps I ran the max and since hit the ground. Q: How are you handling being in a circling game? A: It's the game called circling, I don't know how, I'm way too rough to back down. Q: How are you trying to rid your life of some aspects? A: It's time to exorcise these demons, these motherf**kers are doing jumping jacks now. Q: How can't you continue your life? A: And I just can't keep living this way. Q: How are you handling this new phase of your life? A: So starting today, I'm breaking out of this cage. I'm standing up, I'ma face my demons. Q: Who was the decision of getting clean for? A: It was my decision to get clean, I did it for me. Q: How grateful are you to those who helped see you through? A: And don't even realize what you did, believe me, you. Q: How do you handle haters who beef with you? A: No more beef flingers. Q: What else are you focusing on apart from handling your responsibilities as a father? A: I promise to focus on handling my responsibilities as a father and to lift the whole liquor counter up. Q: Where is your focus while raising the bar? A: I'm too busy gazing at the stars. Q: What is your perspective on fans letting you down? A: I promise to never go back on that promise. Q: How are you figuring things out? A: Thought I had it mapped out, but I guess I didn't. Q: How committed are you to set things right? A: I'm trying to put my life back together right now. Q: What did you do subliminally for others while getting clean? A: Admittedly, I probably did it subliminally for you. Q: What does the earth symbolize in your verse? A: Forget the earth, he's got the urge to pull his d**k from the dirt. Q: What did you promise to focus on starting from now? A: From now on, I promise to only focus on handling my responsibilities as a father. How do you express your defiance against the world? A: I'm doing this for me, so f**k the world. Q: How does the world react if it attempts to stop you? A: Feed it beans, it's gassed up if it thinks it's stopping me. Q: What you will become without any uncertainty? A: I'ma be what I set out to be, without a doubt, undoubtedly. Q: What will happen to the balcony of those who look down on you? A: And all those who look down on me, I'm tearing down your balcony. Q: What can we not ask you? A: No if, ands, or buts, don't try to ask him why or how can he. Q: What happens whether you’re salaried or paid hourly? A: He's still shitting, whether he's on salary, paid hourly. Q: Until when will you keep pushing on? A: Until he bows out or he shits his bowels out of him. Q: What significant comparison do you make about your dedication to the rap game? A: He's married to the game, like a fuck-you for Christmas. Q: How do you plan to deal with the universe? A: The urge to pull his d**k from the dirt and f**k the whole universe. Q: What is your perspective on becoming a king? A: You said you were the king, you lied through your teeth. Q: What sacrifices are you willing to make for your fans? A: And to the fans, I'll never let you down again. Q: What's the status of the game you're involved in? A: 'Cause I ain't playin' around, it's the game called circling. Q: What has been your journey since the last "Relapse" CD? A: I ain't goin' back to that now...since then I hit the ground. Q: What are you going to do about your black cloud? A: This fucking black cloud still follows me around. Q: Are you still troubled by your demons? A: But it's time to exorcise these demons Q: What are you breaking out of today? A: So starting today, I'm breaking out of this cage. Q: How do you plan to confront your problems? A: I'm standing up, I'ma face my demons. Q: Who did you really get clean for? A: It was my decision to get clean, I did it for me. Q: How do you feel towards those who unknowingly helped you? A: And don't even realize what you did, believe me, you. Q: What gesture do you have after being through tough situations? A: I think I got a tear in my eye, I feel like the king of. Q: How do you handle the drama around you? A: No more drama, from now on I promise to focus only on handling my responsibilities as a father. Q: What promise do you make about your responsibilities? A: I solemnly swear to always treat this roof like my daughter and raise it. Q: What's your level of strength? A: 'Cause the way I feel, I'm strong enough to go to the club or the corner pub and lift the whole liquor counter up. Q: How high are you setting your goals now? A: 'Cause I'm raising the bar, I shoot for the moon but I'm too busy gazing at stars. Q: What happens when you become fed up with the situation? A: Now I'm so fed up... Tryin' to put my life back together right now. Q: How did you feel you have been doing before you decided to change your ways? A: I just can't keep living this way. Q: What has happened to you after getting clean? A: It was my decision to get clean, I did it for me. Q: How do you feel after going through tough situations in life? A: I've been through the ringer, but take it through little to the middle finger. Q: What's your relationship with the earth? A: Forget the earth, he's got The urge to pull his d**k from the dirt. Q: What's your commitment to resolving past feuds? A: No more beef flingers. Q: How responsible are you about a father's duties? A: I promise to only focus On handling my responsibilities as a father. Q: How protective are you of your space? A: I solemnly swear to always treat this roof like my daughter And raise it. Q: What's your attitude when you hit the club? A: 'Cause the way I feel, I'm strong enough to go to the club Or the corner pub and lift the whole liquor counter up. Q: What’s the outcome while you're raising the bar? A: I'm too busy gazing at stars, I feel amazing. Q: How determined are you to take a stand? A: And I'm not afraid, I'm not afraid to take a stand, to take a stand. Q: What do you encourage everyone to do? A: Everybody, come take my hand, come take my hand. Q: How do you plan to journey with everyone? A: We'll walk this route together through the storm. Q: Who's stopping me? A: The world can feed on beans, it's gassed up if it thinks it's stopping me. Q: Who do I tear down? A: All those who look down on me, I'm tearing down your balcony. Q: What's the situation from "Infinite" down to the last "Relapse" album? A: I'm still shittin' whether I'm on salary, paid hourly. Q: What's my connection to the game? A: I'm married to the game, like a fuck-you for Christmas. Q: How do you show your courage? A: I'm not afraid to take a stand, everybody, come take my hand. Q: What happens if you keep playing with the scissors and shit? A: I should not have to rhyme these words in a rhythm for you to know it's a wrap. Q: When did I let the fans down and what's my promise to them? A: I let you down on that last "Relapse" CD, but I'll never let you down again, I'm back, and I promise to never go back on that promise. Q: What game am I not playing around with? A: The game called circling. Q: How are the demons at present? A: These motherfuckers are doing jumping-jacks now. Q: How are you changing your life from today? A: I'm breaking out of this cage, standing up, holding my ground, facing my demons. Q: How and why did you decide to get clean? A: It was my decision to get clean for me, and I probably did it subliminally for you, so I could come back a brand new me. Q: How do you half-deal with your haters? A: My haters can make like bees with no stingers and drop dead. Q: What are you focusing on from now on? A: I promise to only focus on handling my responsibilities as a father. Q: Are you ready to handle the pressure? A: Yes, I'm strong enough to go to the club or the corner pub and lift the whole liquor counter up. Q: What's your vision now? A: I'm raisin' the bar, I shoot for the moon but I'm too busy gazing at stars. Please note: Some answers might not perfectly rhymes due to the nature of the original lyrics. Q: What's the weather in your journey? A: We'll walk this route together through whatever weather, cold or warm. Q: Who's your link in this journey? A: You're not alone. Holla if you feel like you've been down the same road. Q: What won't you let stop your mayhem? A: There ain't no way I'ma let you stop me from causing mayhem. Q: What do you think about people's opinions on your deeds? A: When I say I'ma do something, I do it, I don't give a damn what you think. Q: Do you ever feel alone in your journey? A: Just letting you know that you're not alone. Q: What's your reaction to being crowned? A: Instead of getting crowned, I'm getting capped. Q: How does the world respond to your work? A: If the world thinks it's stopping me, feed it beans, it's gassed up! Q: Who's in control of your lyrics? A: You can try and read my lyrics off of this paper before I lay 'em. Q: What's your gift on Christmas? A: I am married to the game, like a fuck-you for Christmas. Q: What's the urge you have? A: The urge is to pull my dick from the dirt and fuck the whole universe. Q: How does the black cloud influence you? A: This fucking black cloud still follows me around. Q: What's your mantra to handle your worries? A: Tryin' to put my life back together right now. Q: Who's the king? A: I feel like the king of my world. Q: How do you perceive your beef with the haters? A: No more beef flingers. Q: Will you be fighting with anyone? A: No more drama. Q: How do you treat your responsibilities? A: I solemnly swear to always treat this roof like my daughter. Q: Can anyone lift your responsibilities? A: You couldn't lift a single shingle on it. Q: How do you feel now? A: I feel 'mazing. Q: What's your final call? A: I'm not afraid to take a stand. Q: How do you cope with being lied to? A: You said you were king, you lied through your teeth. Q: How much effort are you putting into your present ambitions? A: I'm raisin' the bar, I shoot for the moon. Q: What's the condition of your universe? A: My gift is a curse, forget the earth. Q: How did fans react to your last 'Relapse' CD? A: Let's be honest that last 'Relapse' CD was 'eh'. Q: How much have you carried on your shoulders? A: I've been through the ringer. Q: What ignites you? A: I think I got a tear in my eye. Q: What's your attitude towards cleaning up? A: It's my decision to get clean, I did it for me. Q: Have you acknowledged your fans' support? A: You helped see me through. Q: What do you say to the haters in your world? A: Haters can make like bees with no stingers, and drop dead. Q: What's your mood when you visit the club or pub? A: I'm strong enough to lift the whole liquor counter up. Q: How do you tackle your responsibilities? A: To go to the club or the corner pub and lift the whole liquor counter up. Q: What's your strategy in your rhyme game? A: Cause I ain't playin' around, it's a game called circling. Q: Why don't you want to go back to your old ways? A: Relax, I ain't going back to that now. Q: How have you handled your challenges? A: Thought I had it mapped out, but I guess I didn't. Q: What's your future looks like? A: Tryin' to put my life back together right now. Q: How do you see yourself in the future? A: So I could come back a brand new me. Q: What is your big comeback plan? A: I'm breaking out of this cage. Q: How do you handle your haters? A: Haters can make like bees with no stingers and drop dead. Q: What's your new approach to dealing with drama? A: No more drama, from now on. Q: How do you see your responsibilities? A: As a father, I solemnly swear to always treat this roof like my daughter. Q: What's your goal in life moving forward? A: I shoot for the moon but I'm too busy gazing at stars. Q: What do you say when someone tries to stop you from causing mayhem? A: 'Cause ain't no way I'ma let you stop me from causing mayhem. Q: Who are you doing this for? A: I'm doing this for me, so fuck the world. Q: What does it mean to be gassed up? A: Feed it beans, it's gassed up if it thinks it's stopping me. Q: What is your ultimate goal? A: I'ma be what I set out to be, without a doubt, undoubtedly. Q: Are you committed to your work? A: From "Infinite" down to that last "Relapse" album, I'm still shittin'. Q: How long will you keep going? A: Until I bows out or I shits my bowels out of him. Q: What's your relationship with the game? A: I'm married to the game, like a "fuck you" for Christmas. Q: What will happen if I lie about being the king? A: You said you was the king, you lied through your teeth. Q: Will you let your fans down? A: To the fans, I'll never let you down again, I'm back. Q: What's your mood right now? A: Relax, I ain't going back to that now. Q: What are your demons doing? A: These demons, these motherfuckers are doing jumping-jacks now. Q: What are you planning to do from today? A: I'm breaking out of this cage. I'm standing up, I'ma face my demons. Q: What's your way of dealing with your feelings? A: I've had enough, now I'm so fed up. Q: What is your reason for changing? A: So I could come back a brand new me, you helped see me through. Q: What did the pain and struggle lead to? A: I think I got a tear in my eye, I feel like the king of my world. Q: How do you handle your haters? A: Haters can make like bees with no stingers and drop dead. Q: What are you committed to from now on? A: I promise to only focus on handling my responsibilities as a father. Q: What is your assurance about your custody? A: And raise it, you couldn't lift a single shingle on it. Q: What keeps you going when you're down? A: 'Cause the way I feel, I'm strong enough to lift the whole liquor counter up. Q: What are you committed to? A: To take a stand, to take a stand. Q: Who are you inviting on your journey? A: Everybody, everybody, come take my hand, come take my hand. Q: What kind of a journey will it be? A: We'll walk this route together through the storm. Q: What is your assurance for those walking the same path? A: Holla if you feel like you've been down the same road. Q: How did you handle the end of your relapse? A: Perhaps I ran the max and since hit the ground. Q: What is your strategy against the challenges? A: All I'm trying to say is get back, click-clack, pow. Q: Will you be going back to your past? A: Relax, I ain't going back to that now. Q: What is your biggest challenge? A: This black cloud still follows me around. Q: What is your state now? A: Starting today, I'm breaking out of this cage. Q: Who do you do it for? A: Admittedly, I probably did it subliminally for you. Q: How do you respond to the haters? A: No more beef flingers. Q: How do you treat your responsibilities? A: I solemnly swear to always treat this roof like my daughter. Q: What is your goal in terms of your strength? A: To lift the whole liquor counter up. Q: What's your personal goal? A: I shoot for the moon but I'm too busy gazing at stars. Q: What is your approach when you're fed up? A: I have had enough, now I'm so fed up. Q: What are you coming back as? A: A brand new me. Q: How do you handle the changes in your life? A: I'm trying to put my life back together right now. Q: What's your next focus? A: Handling my responsibilities as a father.. Q: If I had one shot, or one opportunity to seize everything I ever wanted, what would you advise I should do? A: You better capture it and not let it slip, yo! Q: What might be on my attire if I'm nervous about something? A: There might be some mom's spaghetti that you vomited on your sweater. Q: What state would I be in if I kept on forgetting words on stage? A: You'd be choking, with the whole crowd going so loud. Q: What happens if my words won't come out? A: Time will run out and the clock's up. Q: What would you suggest I do if I'm so mad but I won't give up? A: I'd say go back to the lab again, yo, and capture the moment in your own rhapsody. Q: What should I do when I'm owning the moment with your music? A: You better never let it go, this opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo! Q: What happens if superstardom's close to post mortem? A: Things will only grow harder and hotter, and might even be all over. Q: As a superstar, who might be all over me? A: These h**s all might be over you, from coast to coast. Q: What happens when one grows farther from home? A: One might barely know their own daughter, like me. Q: What can happen to artists' popularity? A: Fans can move on to the next schmoe who flows, resulting in a nosedive with sold nada. Q: What happens if I can't provide the right type of life for my family with my 9 to 5? A: The pain inside gets amplified and times can get even harder. Q: How can life challenges make one feel? A: Like a snail, caught up between being a father and a prima Donna. Q: What's your only option when faced with life's struggles? A: Success, failure's not an option. Q: What motivates you to change your circumstances? A: The love for my mom and the determination to not grow old in Salem's lot. Q: Should I ever give up on my dreams? A: Never, this may be the only opportunity that I got. Remember, you can do anything you set your mind to, man! Q: What happens to your body when you’re nervous about to drop bombs? A: Your arms get heavy, your knees weak, and your palms sweaty. Q: Who might appear on your sweater in a state of nervousness? A: Mom’s spaghetti might be making an appearance. Q: What's the reaction of the crowd when they anticipate you to perform? A: The whole crowd goes so loud. Q: If I'm seething with anger but unwilling to surrender, what should I do? A: You shouldn't give up that easily. Remember, your whole back's to these ropes but that doesn’t matter, you're dope. Q: What's my destiny if the world is mine for the taking? A: You're destined for greatness; it's there for the taking to make you king. Q: What might I be experiencing if I feel like I'm moving towards a new world order? A: A departure from a normal life, which can be boring, towards the brink of superstardom. Q: If I find I've grown farther from home, what might I need to do? A: You might need to hold your nose, because here comes the cold water. Q: How do you describe a series of unfortunate events in an artist's career? A: It's a soap opera that unfolds: they nose-dove, sold nada, and became cold product. Q: If I'm at my lowest, just having been booed off stage, what should I do? A: Keep rhyming and step, write the next cipher while never forgetting the pied piper. Q: What happens when you can't get by with a 9 to 5 job? A: The pain inside gets amplified by the fact that the job won't let you provide the right type of life for your family. Q: What do you do if you find it increasingly difficult to feed and water your seed? A: Find a balance between being a father and a prima donna to fend off the baby mama drama. Q: What might I need to do to break a day of monotony? A: Formulate a plot, like a snail, to prevent ending up in jail or shot. Q: What is your only option when trailing in Salem's lot? A: Success, taking your shot even if your feet may fail you. Q: How should you approach your way to success? A: You better lose yourself in the music, the moment before missing your one shot. Q: What resources can one utilize to conquer obstacles and seize opportunities? A: The ability to set your mind to it. Q: How does one capture an audience despite being nervous? A: Appear calm and ready on the surface. Q: Why might one appear stagnant despite knowing they are “dope” or good at something? A: They might be broke, leading to them feeling stuck or stagnant. Q: What happens when you find your whole back to these ropes? A: You get to realize that it doesn't matter because you're dope. Q: What is the music equivalent of returning back to something repeatedly? A: It's going 'back to the lab again, yo', to work on your rhymes and raps in this context. Q: What consist of the routine of a Globetrotter? A: Coast to coast shows marked with lonely roads. Q: Are there any challenges as one grows further from home? A: Yes, they often struggle with personal relationships, like barely knowing one’s own daughter. Q: If you're cold product, who do the ladies (h**s) want? A: They move on to the next schmoe who flows. Q: What does it imply if one was playing in the beginning but their mood changes? A: They've likely been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage. Q: What’s the outcome of internal anguish amplified by external pressures? A: It can lead to teetering between maintaining familial responsibilities and personal aspirations. Q: What does monotony make you feel like? A: Monotony might make you feel like a snail, stuck and slow. Q: What is imperative for you to plot, to avoid a grim fate? A: It's essential to develop a plan of action, else there’s a risk of end up in jail or shot Q: What’s a key motivator in your pursuit for a better life? A: Love for family is a driving force; for instance, the need to move out of the trailer for the sake of mom. Q: What's the risk of not taking a shot at success? A: You might miss out on a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to blow. Q: What should one remember about themselves in face of adversity? A: That you possess inherent power; you can do anything you set your mind to, man. Q: How does the tug of war between personal and professional responsibilities affect you? A: It gets me caught up between being a father and a prima donna. Q: When does the opportunity come for fame and success in the music industry? A: Such an opportunity might come just once in a lifetime, yo. Q: What's the underlying theme in the struggle for better life circumstances? A: The resolve to not allow failure being an option; reaching success is the only mothaf****n' option. Q: What happens if you give up the moment? A: You might end up missing your chance to blow. Q: What is your advice to people who are going after their dreams? A: To never let go of the moment and strive to own it, as it's a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. Q: What is the condition of your life when compared to a movie? A: It's no movie, there's no Mekhi Phifer, this is your real life. Q: What defines the struggles faced during the process of making dreams a reality? A: The journey can feel overwhelmingly challenging, feeling like a snail trying to move or pivot. Q: What's the reason for your determination? A: The harsh reality that food stamps don't buy diapers, pushing you to strive for success. Q: What's your response to the possibility of staying in one spot? A: Strong resistance; you don't want to stay in monotony and be like a snail. Q: What might be the result for someone who doesn’t seize their one shot? A: They may end up missing this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. Q: If I capture the moment in my rhapsody, what can I hope it doesn't do? A: You can hope it doesn't pass you. Q: If I get nervous under the spotlight, what might my surface appearance look like? A: On the surface, you'd look calm and ready. Q: What does the crowd do when I'm choking on stage? A: The crowd goes so loud that it causes everyone around to choke as well. Q: What should I do after experiencing a personal fall or a career setback? A: Need to snap back to reality, face the gravity of the situation. Q: How do you keep going when you're feeling stagnant? A: You might consider moving back to your mobile home and then getting back to the lab to work on your skills. Q: In the fight for success, what does one's back usually face? A: One's back usually faces the ropes. Q: What mindset should one hold when success seems elusive? A: Believe that it doesn't matter if you're broke, as long as you're dope and you keep going. Q: What is the significance of capturing the rhapsodic moment? A: To avoid letting the opportunity slip away. Q: What is the reality of the road to stardom? A: It's close to post-mortem as it only gets harder and hotter. Q: How do you contrast a normal life and a superstar's life? A: A normal life is boring while a superstar's life is likened to a globetrotter's, marked by coast-to-coast shows. Q: How do you describe a successful journey of self-improvement? A: You escape through any hole that is gaping, and you make the world yours. Q: What's the outcome if you maintain your composure despite facing challenges? A: You might have coast to coast shows and be known as the ‘Globetrotter’. Q: How do you describe the predicament of a popular figure confronting obscurity? A: They might be cold product when these h**s don't want 'em no more and have moved on to the next schmoe who flows. Q: How does the beat contribute to your life-story? A: The beat goes on Da da dum, da dum da da da da, despite the ups and downs. Q: What's the struggle with change can be seen as? A: It can be like tearing this mothaf****n' roof off like two dogs caged. Q: What is the result of staying strong and continuing your efforts, despite initial failures? A: You might be chewed up and spit out initially, but if you keep rhyming and writing, somebody will end up paying the pied piper. Q: What happens when the pressure inside is amplified by external conditions? A: The struggle to balance life gets harder, like trying to feed and water your seed, plus dealing with teeter-totter. Q: What describes the struggle between your family responsibilities and your aspirations? A: It's like being caught up between being a father and a prima donna. Q: What identifies the hardship for a snail stuck in monotony? A: The need to formulate a plot to prevent ending up in jail or shot. Q: How do you view your home as it currently stands? A: You love your mom, but you believe this trailer's got to go. Q: What is the analogy to describe the pathway you are taking to reach your goals? A: It's like a shot you take even if your feet fail you, as it may be the only shot you've got. Q: In the struggle to attain success, what should you lose yourself in? A: You should lose yourself in the music because the opportunity comes once in a lifetime. Q: How does one deal with being choked on stage? A: You accept that it happened and try to stay calm. The words might not come out but it's important to persevere. Q: Your palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy. What might this suggest? A: This might suggest intense anxiety or stage fright before a performance. Q: What describes the state of mind of someone who's under pressure on stage but needs to maintain calmness? A: Nervous on the inside but appearing calm and ready on the surface. Q: If you're feeling the pressure of time running out, what's probably happening on stage? A: You're probably forgetting what you wrote down and can't get the words to come out. Q: What is the advice to someone who's dealing with their own obstacles and struggles? A: They need to manifest their own rhapsody, capture the moment, and not let it pass them. Q: How does one handle a challenging situation in the face of uncertainty and pressure? A: They should never let it go of their opportunities as they might only get one shot. Q: How do you handle the challenges of balancing fame and maintaining a normal life? A: You might feel like you're moving towards a new world order and the normal life is boring. Q: How can the struggle of juggling multiple roles affect your personal life? A: It may lead to you barely knowing your own daughter and dealing with baby mama drama. Q: How does one handle the reality of losing fame and popularity? A: You acknowledge that you're a cold product and continue to ride the soap opera of life. Q: What happens when you find it challenging to provide for your family? A: You may just not get by with the 9 to 5 and food stamps may not suffice. Q: How does stardom affect relationships with family, particularly children? A: It can lead to situations where one barely knows their own daughter. Q: How would you define the pull and push in your life, at this stage? A: It would feel like a teeter-totter, balancing between trying to feed and watering your seed (child), and managing personal ambitions. Q: How do life struggles make you feel when trying to escape them? A: They make you feel like a snail, slow but steady, trying to formulate a plot to escape to a better life. Q: How do you feel when you see jaws on the floor? A: It's like you've never seen a white person before. Q: What's the reaction of the crowd when you enter the door? A: They act like Pam and Tommy just burst in the door. Q: What can you say about Dr. Dre's current situation? A: He's dead, he's locked in my basement. Q: How do feminist women perceive you? A: Feminist women love Eminem. Q: Describe your mannerism as you march around? A: Walkin' around grabbin' my you-know-what, flippin' the you-know-who. Q: How well are you keeping your sanity? A: Got a couple of screws up in my head loose. Q: What do you want to do on the television? A: Sometimes, I wanna get on T.V. and just let loose. Q: How do we deliver messages to kids? A: Give it a little kiss, that's the message that we deliver to little kids. Q: What do they know by the fourth grade? A: They're gonna know what intercourse is. Q: How have you described humans in the song? A: We ain't nothing but mammals. Q: What is the antidote if you feel the same as I do? A: Women, wave your pantyhose, sing the chorus and it goes. Q: Who do you claim to be? A: I'm slim shady, the real shady. Q: Why do you need to cuss in your raps? A: Cause Will Smith don't gotta, so I do. So fuck him and fuck you too. Q: Do you care about the Grammy? A: You think I give a damn about a Grammy? Q: What is your opinion about critics? A: Half of you critics can't even stomach me, let alone stand me. Q: What is your ideal seating arrangement on award shows? A: Next to Carson Daly and Fred Durst, not Britney Spears. Q: What's your opinion about girl and boy groups? A: I'm sick of you little girl and boy groups, all you do is annoy me. Q: What is your mission here? A: I have been sent here to destroy you. Q: Describe your lyrics in front of the crowd? A: It's like a head trip to listen to, cause I'm only giving you things you joke about. Q: What will you be doing when you're 30? A: The only person in the nursing home flirting, pinching nurses' asses. Q: What's your effect on listeners? A: Every single person is a slim shady lurking. Q: Where could these listeners possibly be? A: Working at Burger King, spitting on your onion rings. Q: What's your advice to the imitation Shadys? A: Will the real shady please stand up? Q: How should listeners react to your music? A: Be proud to be outta your mind and outta control. Q: Who do you claim exists in all of us? A: There's a slim shady in all of us, let's all stand up. Q: Somehow you've just walked in. What's the scene like on the floor? A: All got jaws on the floor like Pam, like Tommy just burst in the door Q: What's your goal, your mission here in this song? A: To destroy you, there's a million of us just like me who cuss like me Q: Who's the person mentioned that you have locked up? A: Dr. Dre's dead, he's locked in my basement! Q: Do you care about others' opinion of you? A: No worse, than what's goin' on in your parents' bedrooms Q: What's your perspective on your controversial persona? A: Slim shady, I'm sick of him but he's so cute though Q: What are your feelings towards Will Smith's style of rap? A: Will Smith don't gotta cuss in his raps to sell his records, well, I do. Q: What do you want to do with the Grammy Award? A: You think I give a damn about a Grammy? Q: How do you feel about being seated next to Britney Spears at an award event? A: So you can, sit me here next to Britney Spears? No, thanks! Q: What's your relation with the music industry now? A: All you other slim shadys are just imitating me. Q: What are your feelings towards other popular artists? A: I have been sent here to destroy you. Q: How do you perceive your influence on kids? A: The message that we deliver to little kids isn't always the best. Q: You mentioned some sexual innuendo in your lyrics, why did you do so? A: Of course they gonna know what intercourse is, they got the discovery channel Q: What's your perspective on Marshall Bruce Mathers III? A: Guess there's a Slim Shady in all of us. Q: How would you describe your rap skills? A: Better than ninety percent of you rappers out there. Q: How do you behave when in public? A: I just get on the mic and spit it, I don't gotta be false or sugarcoated at all. Q: What can you say about today's rap? A: The only difference is I got the balls to say it. Q: What's your thought on gender and sexuality? A: There's no reason that a man and another man can't elope. Q: What's your opinion on Christina Aguilera getting seated with you instead of Britney? A: Shit, Christina Aguilera better switch me chairs. Q: How does the world perceive you? A: Yeah, he's cute, but I think he's married to Kim. Q: If you are not slim shady, who could you possibly be? A: Might be the next best thing but not quite me. Q: What's your opinion on MTV's take on you? A: You little bitch, put me on blast on MTV. Q: What's your strategy against those who spread rumors about you? A: I should download her audio on MP3 and show the world how you gave Eminem VD. Q: What's your take on the narrow-minded critics? A: Whether you like to admit it, I just shit it. Q: How do you see your future in terms of age and behavior? A: It's funny, at the rate I'm going when I'm thirty, I'll be flirting in the nursing home. Q: What's your message to the people who are trying to suppress your 'Slim Shady' persona? A: Every single person is a Slim Shady lurking, he could be working at Burger King, spitting on your onion rings. Q: What's your advice to the ones who are 'out of their mind and out of control'? A: And one more time, loud as you can, how does it go? Q: What's your expectation from your fans? A: Please stand up, please stand up! Q: How do you present yourself in front of the crowd? A: I'm like a head trip to listen to. Q: What's your stance on explicit content in your songs? A: Will Smith don't gotta cuss in his raps to sell his records, well I do, so fuck him. Q: How do you feel about your doppelgängers in the music industry? A: All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating. Q: How do you feel about being a part of the rap industry? A: Then you wonder how kids eat up these albums like Valiums. Q: What's your take on extravagance in the entertainment industry? A: So you guys could just lie to get me here? Q: Why do you prefer to be seated with Carson Daly and Fred Durst? A: To hear them argue over who she gave head to first. Q: What's your thought on fame and its ensuing drama? A: I'm sick of you little girl and boy groups, all you annoy me. Q: How do you handle critics who cannot stomach you? A: I don't give a fuck, this is Slim Shady talking. Q: How do you treat rumors regarding your personal life? A: Show the whole world how you gave Eminem VD. Q: What's your view on explicit lyrics and its effects on youth? A: And whether you like to admit it, I just shit it better than most. Q: How do you view your controversial image in the public eye? A: The only difference is I got the balls to say it in front of you all. Q: What's your opinion on the hyped mainstream media? A: I don't give a fuck, with my windows down and my system up. Q: How do you address your alter ego, Slim Shady? A: I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady. Q: What's your final invitation to your listeners? A: Fuck it, let's all stand up!  Q: How do people react when you enter the room? A: They react like it's the return of "Ah, wait, no way, you're kidding." Q: What difference would you say you have with other rappers? A: I just get on the mic and spit it, better than ninety percent of you rappers out can. Q: What do you call your personal style? A: I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real shady. Q: How would you describe the critics' reaction to you? A: Half of you critics can't even stomach me, let alone stand me. Q: Why do you think people expect you to be one way? A: Because I'm slim shady, yes I'm the real shady. Q: What do you think about copycats? A: All you other slim shadys are just imitating me. Q: Why do you use harsh language in your lyrics? A: Because Will Smith doesn't have to cuss in his raps to sell records, but, well, I do. Q: How do you handle rumors about your personal life? A: I should download her audio on MP3, and show the whole world how you gave Eminem VD. Q: How do you see your influence on your fans? A: There's a million of us just like me who cuss like me. Q: What is the difference between you and other rappers? A: I can say things in front of y'all, and I don't have to be false or sugarcoated at all. Q: What do you say about your age and your actions? A: At the rate I'm going when I'm thirty, I'll be flirting in the nursing home. Q: How do you see your persona replicating in your fans? A: Every single person is a Slim Shady lurking. Q: What is your behavior when performing live? A: Screaming, "I don't give a fuck!" with windows down and system up. Q: How do you explain the controversy surrounding you? A: I'm only giving you things you joke about with your friends inside your living room. Q: How would you describe the reception you receive? A: They act like you've never seen a white person before. Q: What's your take on your media portrayal? A: Yeah, he's cute, but I think he's married to Kim. Q: How do you handle being in the public eye? A: I just don't give a fuck, this is Slim Shady. Q: When do you feel the popularity of your alter-ego, Slim Shady, skyrocketed? A: When they see me walking around grabbing my you-know-what, flippin' the you-know-who. Q: How does it feel to be seen as a controversial figure? A: I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose. Q: What do you think about censorship in the music industry? A: It's cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose. Q: How does your music influence your fans? A: There's no reason that a man and another man can't elope. Q: How do you define your music style? A: I'm like a head trip to listen to. Q: What's your reaction to those criticizing your lyrics? A: Half of you critics can't even stomach me, let alone stand me. Q: What are your thoughts on the music industry's mainstream artists? A: I'm sick of you little girl and boy groups, all you do is annoy me. Q: Why did you choose aggressive rapping as a career path? A: Because all you other Slim Shadys are just imitating. Q: How do you feel about the rap industry? A: Cause I just shit it better than ninety percent of you rappers out there. Q: How do you foresee your future as a rapper? A: By the rate I'm going when I'm thirty, I'll be the only person in the nursing home flirting. Q: In your opinion, why do kids agree with your lyrics? A: They got the discovery channel, don't they? Q: What's your perspective on maturity and growth? A: We ain't nothing but mammals, well, some of us cannibals. Q: What's your take on love and relationships? A: If you feel like I feel, I got the antidote. Q: Why do you believe you continue to remain relevant in the music industry? A: The Real Slim Shady just doesn't simply stop standing up. Q: How would you describe your journey as The Real Slim Shady? A: I'm like a head trip to listen to because I'm only giving you things you joke about. Q: Do you feel misunderstood in the music industry? A: He didn't just say what I think he did, did he? Q: Why should The Real Slim Shady please stand up? A: Because all other slim shadys are just imitating. Q: How does being The Real Slim Shady make you feel? A: I feel like every single person is a Slim Shady lurking. Q: What does daddy always tell you? A: Straighten up, little soldier, stiffen up that upper lip! Q: Who's there with you in your prayers? A: Daddy's there with you in your prayers, no more nightmares. Q: Who loves these two little beautiful girls? A: Uncle's crazy, yeah, but he loves you girls and you better know it. Q: What were daddy's intentions in relation to your upbringing? A: I'm tryin' to give you the life that I never had, to protect you from all the things that I had to see. Q: Why don't you want things to be seen by your child? A: Daddy don't want you to see but you see just as much as he did. Q: How do you explain your separation from the child's mother? A: We did not plan it to be this way, your mother and me, but things have got so bad between us. Q: What's your promise despite the worries and uncertainties? A: No more worries, rest your head and go to sleep, everything's gonna be alright. Q: What’s your memory of past Christmas? A: I remember back one year when daddy had no money, and mommy wrapped the Christmas presents up and stuck 'em under the tree. Q: When did you start to feel like a bum? A: When daddy had a job but his job was to keep the food on the table and we couldn't buy presents. Q: What happened to the money saved for college? A: Almost had a thousand dollars, 'til someone broke in and stole it. Q: Where did you head to kick off your music career? A: Daddy went to California with his CD and met Dr. Dre. Q: What promise would you make if your child asked you to? A: Daddy's gonna buy you a mockingbird and give you the world. Q: What would you do if the mockingbird didn't sing? A: If that mockingbird don't sing, I'd go back to the jeweler who sold it to ya and make him eat every carat. Q: Why did daddy have to work when you and momma came to see him in California? A: But daddy had to work, you and momma had to leave me. Q: Why did you feel remorse after your daughter witnessed certain things? A: 'Cause all I ever wanted to do was just make you proud, but it all happened too fast for either one of us to grab it. Q: How would you describe your feelings on seeing your daughters' grown-up photos? A: It just trips me out to see how much you both have grown, it's almost like you're sisters now. Q: Where is momma during this time? A: Shh, momma's only gone for the moment. Q: What're your feelings about the title 'daddy'? A: I like the sound of that, yeah, it's got a ring to it don't it? Q: What is your promise to your daughters about the future? A: I'm gonna buy a diamond ring for you, I'm gonna sing for you, I'll do anything for you to see you smile. Q: How would you react if the gifts you promised didn't please them? A: If that ring don't shine, I'ma break that birdie's neck. Don't mess with dad. Q: Did you always understand the choices you made? A: No, things may not always make sense to you right now. Q: What action does daddy recommend when you're sad? A: Straighten up, little soldier, stiffen up that upper lip. Q: How does daddy know that the children are sad even when they smile? A: I can see it in your eyes, deep inside you wanna cry. Q: What's the feeling behind the line, 'daddy's with you in your prayers'? A: It means I'm always with you, watching over you. Q: Why did we pull together through tough times? A: Because we're all we got in this world, when it spins, when it swirls. Q: How was life when daddy was always on the move? A: It was confusing and tough because mama was always on the news. Q: Why do you think the attempts to shelter the kids backfired? A: The harder that I try to do that, the more it backfires on me. Q: How was the relationship with the mother when you were teenagers? A: We used to be together, but then things got bad between us. Q: How do you explain destiny? A: It's something that we have no control over. Q: Who did you dedicate 'hush little baby' to? A: I dedicated it to you, telling you everything's gonna be alright. Q: What's the scenario when the lyrics say 'we don't know why, we feel how we feel inside'? A: It's when mommy's not here right now and everything is a bit confusing for you. Q: What's the promise to your daughters about their mother's state? A: But I promise, momma's gon' be alright. Q: What happened during the Christmas when daddy had no money? A: Mommy wrapped the presents up and said some of 'em were from me. Q: How did it feel to keep food on the table? A: It was hard because every house that we lived in kept getting broken into and robbed. Q: What was the money saved in a jar meant for? A: It was for you so you could go to college. Q: How do you recount mom and dad's arguement? A: I remember it a lot, so momma moved back on the Chalmers in the flat. Q: What changed when daddy met Dr. Dre in California? A: You started seeing daddy on the TV and things changed. Q: Why did momma had to leave you in California? A: Because daddy had to work. Q: What was your reaction to all that happened too fast? A: I'm just sorry, you were there and had to witness it first hand. Q: How do your daughters make you feel as they grow up? A: It just trips me out to see how much you both have grown. Q: How do you still feel connected with your daughters? A: By reassuring them that daddy's still here. Q: How would you describe the present moment? A: Momma's only gone for the moment. Q: What would you get if your daughters asked you to? A: I'll buy a diamond ring for you and a mockingbird, I'll even sing for you. Q: What if the things you've promised fail to deliver happiness? A: If that mockingbird don't sing and that ring don't shine, I'm gonna make things right. Q: How do you comfort your little lady during a hard time? A: Daddy's here to hold you through the night. Q: What would you say if asked about your financial struggles? A: I'd say there was a time when daddy had no money. Q: How did you manage to put gifts under the Christmas tree? A: Mommywrapped them up, and said some of them were from me. Q: What was mom saving money for? A: She was trying to start a piggy bank for you so you could go to college. Q: Can you share an unfortunate event about the piggy bank? A: Almost had a thousand dollars, until someone broke in and stole it. Q: What did Daddy do to reach his popularity? A: Daddy went to California with his CD and met Dr. Dre. Q: Were you ever on TV? A: Yes, then you started seeing daddy on the TV. Q: What does Daddy promise the child about mom's current situation? A: But I promise, momma's gon' be alright. Q: What do you plan on doing for your daughters? A: I'll buy a diamond ring for you, I'm gonna sing for you. Q: If the mockingbird doesn't sing or the ring doesn't shine, what would happen? A: I'ma break that birdie's neck, I'd go back to the jeweler and make him eat every carat. Q: What can you promise your daughters about their mom’s situation? A: I promise, momma's gon' be alright. Q: What is your ultimate desire for your kids? A: I'll do anything for you to see you smile. Q: What's the mood of the line “don’t mess with dad”? A: It's a humorous message emphasizing that dad can go to any lengths for his kids. Q: How do you advise your children to react when they're crying? A: Straighten up, little soldier, stiffen up that upper lip. Q: Where are you for your children when they're having nightmares? A: Daddy's with you in your prayers, no more nightmares. Q: What is the world like according to you? A: It spins, it swirls, it whirls, it twirls. Q: How does it feel to keep moving all the time? A: It's confusing and troubling as daddy's always on the move. Q: Is it possible to fully protect your children from the world? A: It seems impossible, the more I try, the more it backfires on me. Q: Why doesn't your relationship with your children's mother work out? A: Things have got so bad between us that I don't see us ever being together again. Q: What is your stance on destiny? A: Destiny is something that we have no control over. Q: How do you comfort your children when they're upset? A: I tell them "hush little baby, don't you cry, everything's gonna be alright". Q: Why did daddy feel like he failed during that Christmas when money was tight? A: Because I could not buy you presents, and mommy had to say some of the presents were from me. Q: How challenging was it to keep the food on the table? A: It was tough, every house we lived in kept being broken into and robbed. Q: How much had been saved for college before being stolen? A: Almost a thousand dollars had been saved before being taken. Q: How did your life change after meeting Dr. Dre? A: My life took a turn, and you started seeing me on TV and things began to change. Q: What did you feel about your daughter seeing all that happened? A: I felt sorry, you were there and had to witness it first hand. Q: How does it feel to see your daughters' growing up photos? A: It is unbelievable to see how much you both have grown. Q: What do you tell your daughters to assure them of your presence? A: Daddy's still here, I reassure both of you. Q: How do you promise to make your daughter smile? A: I promise I'll buy a diamond ring for you, I'm gonna sing for you. Q: What would you do if the mockingbird didn't sing for your child? A: I'd go back to the jeweler and make him eat every carat. Q: Do you feel that things sometimes don't make sense? A: Yes, I know sometimes things may not always make sense to you right now. Q: What do you perceive about your children's sadness? A: Even when you smile, even when you laugh, I can see it in your eyes deep inside you wanna cry. Q: How do you manage the fear of your children? A: I am always there in your prayers, so no more nightmares. Q: During circumstantial unrest, who has got each other's back? A: We're all we got in this world. Q: What was the impact of the constant limelight and news on the kids? A: Daddy's always on the move, mama's always on the news, it could be confusing and hard. Q: What's your take on things not going as per plan especially pertaining to your relationship with their mother? A: We did not plan it to be this way, your mother and me, but sometimes life takes unexpected turns. Q: How do you comfort your children when they're worried? A: I tell them to rest their head, go to sleep and assure them that everything's gonna be alright. Q: What was one of the hardest Christmases in your memory? A: The one when daddy had no money and mommy wrapped the presents up and said some of 'em were from me. Q: How did you handle financial instability in the household? A: Daddy held a job which was to keep the food on the table, despite the challenges. Q: What instigation made you choose music as a profession? A: Dad went to California with his CD and met Dr. Dre, and landed an opportunity to fuel my career. Q: How did the kids react seeing their dad on TV? A: It was confusing as it happened too fast for either them to understand it all. Q: What would you do to ensure they have what they admire? A: I will buy a diamond ring and a mockingbird, and also sing for them. Q: What lengths would you go to if the promises you made didn't please your children? A: I'm willing to confront the jeweler who sold the ring and even break the birdie's neck. I assure you not to mess with dad! A: The most meanest MC on this Earth. Q: What seems to have been a constant since birth? A: I've been cursed with this curse to just curse. Q: How do you deal with stress? A: By dispensin' these sentences, gettin' this stress that's been eating me recently off of this chest. Q: What do you request from people when you're out in public? A: Leave me alone when you freaks see me out In the streets when I'm eating or feeding my daughter. Q: How do you respond if you're tempted? A: I can be a prick. Q: What action do you take if offended? A: I'm lifting you 10 feet in the air. Q: How do you react to lawsuits? A: I'll smile in the courtroom and buy you a wardrobe. Q: How do you see yourself in regard to others' opinions? A: I am, whatever you say I am. Q: What's your response to the media pointing a finger at you? A: So I point one back at 'em, the one you put up when you don't give a fuck. Q: What's your response to controversy and blame? A: I'm glad 'cause they feed me the fuel that I need for the fire to burn. Q: How do you feel about being admired? A: I'm so sick and tired of being admired. Q: What's your stance on being a poppy sensation on rock n' roll stations? A: I'm pigeon holed into some poppy sensation to cop me rotation. Q: What's the result of being asked the same questions over and over again? A: 'Til I'm grabbing my hair and I'm tearing it out cause they're driving me crazy. Q: How do you feel about gaining new fans? A: I'm thankful for every fan that I get. Q: What's your reaction to people asking for autographs in the bathroom? A: No, I won't sign your autograph. You can call me an asshole I'm glad. Q: How do you feel about radio stations not playing your jam? A: If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? Q: What do you feel about being attributed to the tragedy of an upper-class city? A: I'm attacked cause I rap this way. Q: How do you feel about being seen as a wigger trying to be black? A: I just do not got the patience to deal with these cocky Caucasians. Q: How do you feel about your success compared to "My Name is" song? A: I'm not gonna be able to top on "My Name is". Q: How does fame affect your private moments? A: I can't take a shit in the bathroom without someone standing by it. Q: What's your view about being in the paper and the news every day? A: It's just the way I am. Q: How do you feel about your lyrical content being criticized? A: I get a rotten response about the song 'Guilty Conscience'. Q: How is your connection to your father affecting you? A: Sometimes I just feel like my father, I hate to be bothered. Q: Are you glad when media criticizes you? A: I'm glad 'cause they feed me the fuel that I need for the fire to burn. Q: What happened when you grew tired of being admired? A: That I wish that I would just die or get fired and get dropped from my label. Q: Any thoughts about the bully and the shooting at schools being blamed on Marilyn and the heroin? A: I'm questioning, where were the parents at? Q: What are your thoughts on being seen as Mr. N'Sync or what your friends think? A: I'm not Mr. N'Sync, I'm not what your friends think. Q: Can you describe the constant feeling due to the media controversy circling you? A: Sometimes I just feel like my father, I hate to be bothered Q: What is your usual reaction when you're eating or feeding your daughter in the streets and you get noticed? A: I don't want you to speak to me. Q: How do you feel about your tank being on empty? A: No patience is in me. Q: What's your opinion on the media immediately pointing a finger at you? A: So I point one back at 'em but not the index or pinkie. Q: How do you feel about 'My Name is' song? A: I'm not gonna be able to top on 'My Name is' Q: Who do you put the blame on for the bully who shoots up his school? A: They blame it on Marilyn and the heroin. Where were the parents at? Q: What's your reaction when people try to know more about your background? A: I don't owe you a motherfucking thing. Q: How do constant questions about your personal life affect you? A: They're driving me crazy, I can't take it. Q: How do you feel about being accused of trying to be black? A: I can't deal with these cocky Caucasians who think I'm some wigger. Q: What's your reaction to being admired? A: I'm so sick and tired of being admired. Q: How does the opinion of others impact you? A: I am, whatever you say I am. Q: How do you see your relationship with the media? A: They feed me the fuel that I need for the fire to burn. It's burning and I have returned. Q: What’s your feeling about your usual portrayal in the news every day? A: In the paper, the news everyday I am. I don't know it's just the way I am. Q: What is one of your common practices to unwind? A: I sit back with this pack of Zig Zags and this bag of this weed. Q: How would you describe your persona as an artist since birth? A: Since birth I've been cursed with this curse to just curse. Q: What does your writing process entail? A: I just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works. Q: How do you manage the pressure and tension in your life? A: It helps in itself to relieve all this tension dispensing these sentences. Q: How do you wish to be treated when you are out and about? A: Have the decency in you to leave me alone when you freaks see me out. Q: How do you interact with fans who approach you unexpectedly? A: I don't know you and no I don't owe you a motherfuckin' thing. Q: How would you describe your patience level? A: No patience is in me. Q: What's the outcome if someone offends you? A: If you offend me, I'm lifting you 10 feet in the air. Q: Can you tell us about your work as an MC and dealing with legal challenges? A: Go, call you a lawyer, file you a lawsuit. I'll smile in the courtroom and buy you a wardrobe. Q: What's your perspective on your personality and how people perceive you? A: I don't mean to be mean but that's all I can be is just me. Q: How do you perceive yourself based on what others say or think? A: I am, whatever you say I am. Q: Can you share your thoughts on your radio play and popularity? A: In the paper, the news every day I am. Radio won't even play my jam. Q: Could you share your feelings about scrutiny and ongoing criticism? A: Oh, it's his lyrical content, the song 'Guilty Conscience' has gotten such rotten responses. Q: How do you handle controversy and blame from the media? A: I point one back at them but not the index or pinkie. Q: Can you comment about the prevalent bullying issue and its effects? A: When a dude's getting bullied and shoots up his school and they blame it on Marilyn and the heroin. Q: How do you deal with criticisms arising from tragedies in society? A: They attack Eminem 'cause I rap this way but I'm glad 'cause they feed me the fuel. Q: Can you talk about the struggles of maintaining your creative edge? A: I'm not gonna be able to top "My Name is" Q: How do you feel about being typecast in your music career? A: I just do not have the patience to deal with these cocky Caucasians Q: How are you handling the unwanted attention and persistent questioning? A: I'm grabbing my hair and I'm tearing it out cause they're driving me crazy. Q: Can you describe the impact of fame on your privacy? A: I can't take a shit in the bathroom without someone standing by it. Q: How do you feel about your relationship with your fans in general? A: I'm thankful for every fan that I get. Q: How is your music and public image received by the media? A: 'Cause I am, whatever you say I am. Q: What are your thoughts on your music being subjected to censorship? A: Radio won't even play my jam. Q: Could you elaborate on your frustration regarding stereotypes and pigeonholing? A: I'm pigeon holed into some poppy sensation to cop me rotation at rock 'n' roll stations. Q: How does the public's curiosity about your upbringing affect you? A: I talk with an accent and grab on my balls so they always keep asking. Q: How does the constant scrutiny and public's interest in your personal life affect you? A: I'm racing, I'm pacing, I stand and I sit. Q: What is the impact of media criticisms on your artistry? A: They feed me the fuel that I need for the fire to burn and it's burning and I have returned. Q: How do you handle the constant pressure to maintain or exceed your previous successes? A: I'm not gonna be able to top on "My Name is". Q: How does the media's reaction to your music influence you? A: 'Cause I am, whatever you say I am. Q: Can you comment on how you maintain your authenticity in your music? A: But that's all I can be is just me. Q: How do you feel about radio networks and their relationship with your music? A: Radio won't even play my jam. Q: Could you comment on society's expectations from you and how it affects you? A: If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? Q: Can you comment on the relationship with your father and the impact on your feelings? A: Sometimes I just feel like my father, I hate to be bothered. Q: Could you comment on the impact of fame on your personal space? A: I can't take a shit in the bathroom without someone standing by it. Q: How do you react to the constant questioning about your background? A: What school did I go to, what hood I grew up in? Q: Could you comment on your relationship with your label? A: I wish that I would just die or get fired and dropped from my label. Q: What do you say to your critics about your content and style? A: Then attack Eminem 'cause I rap this way. But I'm glad 'cause they feed me the fuel that I need for the fire. Q: How does media representation affect your creative process? A: 'Cause I am, whatever you say I am. Q: Could you comment on the social consequences of your lyrics? A: I don't know, it's just the way I am. Q: What serves as an aid for your lyricism? A: This pack of Zig Zags and this bag of this weed gives me the shit needed to be the most meanest MC. Q: Why do you resort to curse words in your lyrics? A: Since birth I've been cursed with this curse to just curse. Q: What's your secret to making your songs work? A: I just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works. Q: How is writing therapeutic to you? A: It helps in itself to relieve all this tension dispensing these sentences Q: What demand do you have of those who see you in public? A: Have the decency in you to leave me alone when you freaks see me out. Q: How do you deal with people who want something from you out of the blue? A: I don't know you and no I don't owe you a motherfuckin' thing. Q: Describe how you react when you've run out of patience? A: If you offend me, I'm lifting you 10 feet in the air. Q: What happens if someone decides to sue you? A: Go, call you a lawyer, file you a lawsuit. I'll smile in the courtroom and buy you a wardrobe. Q: How do you define your true self? A: I don't mean to be mean but that's all I can be is just me. Q: Do others' perspectives of you impact your self-identity? A: I am, whatever you say I am. Q: How often do you find yourself in the news? A: In the paper, the news every day I am. Q: How do you deal with negative responses to your lyrics? A: With all of this nonsense, it's constant And, "Oh, it's his lyrical content, the song 'Guilty Conscience' has gotten such rotten responses." Q: How do you react when the media targets you with accusations? A: I'm glad 'cause they feed me the fuel that I need for the fire to burn. Q: How do you feel about society's role in tragedies involving bullying and drugs? A: When a dude's getting bullied and shoots up his school And they blame it on Marilyn and the heroin. Q: How have you been affected by your previous successes? A: I'm not gonna be able to top on "My Name is" Q: Can you describe the assumptions people make about you because of your language and behavior? A: They think I'm some wigger who just tries to be black 'cause I talk with an accent and grab on my balls. Q: How does being in the public eye and fielding the same questions impact your wellbeing? A: They're driving me crazy, I can't take it. Q: Do you ever find privacy an issue due to fans intruding in your personal life? A: I can't take a shit in the bathroom without someone standing by it. Q: How do you balance the positive and negative aspects of fan interaction? A: I'm thankful for every fan that I get but I won't sign your autograph. Q: What’s your stance on your reported persona in the media? A: 'Cause I am, whatever you say I am. Q: How do you consider the media's influence when writing your songs? A: They feed me the fuel that I need for the fire to burn and it's burning and I have returned. Q: How do you respond to those questioning about your early life and upbringing? A: What school did I go to, what hood I grew up in? The why, the who what when, the where, the how. Q: How much does fame impact your personal space and privacy? A: I can't take a shit in the bathroom without someone standing by it. Q: How do you deal with expectations versus reality of your fame and success? A: I'm so sick and tired of being admired that I wish that I would just die or get fired. Q: How do your fans interpret your accent and actions? A: They always keep asking the same fuckin' questions. Q: How does the media targeting you affect your creativity and lyrical content? A: They feed me the fuel that I need for the fire to burn. Q: How does building a connection with your fans affect your private life? A: I can't take a shit in the bathroom without someone standing by it. Q: How do you deal with incessant inquiries about your personal life? A: I'm racin', I'm pacin', I stand and I sit. Q: How do you feel about people associating you with certain stereotypes? A: I'm not Mr. N'Sync, I'm not what your friends think. Q: How do you cope with such stereotypes in the rap industry? A: I'm tired of all you, I don't mean to be mean. Q: How do you deal with those who perceive you only via media portrayal? A: And I am, whatever you say I am. Q: What does it mean to be Eminem? A: I'm glad 'cause I am, whatever you say I am. Q: How does the media and public perception affect your identity? A: If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? Q: When you find yourself in personal battles, what keeps you going? A: They feed me the fuel that I need for the fire to burn. Q: Can you talk about how everything you do seems to garner attention, positive or negative? A: In the paper, the news every day I am. I don't know it's just the way I am. Q: Why do you think your music isn't well-received by radio stations? A: Radio won't even play my jam. Q: What are you feeling sometimes? A: Sometimes I just feel like quittin, I still mic, and get hard enough just dealing with real life. Q: What is the feeling when you are onstage? A: Sometimes I just wanna jump on stage and just kill mics. Q: What's the struggle with your color? A: But I'm still white, sometimes I just hate life. Q: How do you handle stage fright? A: In case of this stage fright, I draw on the plane flight. Q: How are you feeling inside? A: My insides crawl and I clam up, I just slam shut. Q: How do you handle your trip back home? A: World on my shoulders as I run back to this ain't my room. Q: What's your intention as a man? A: I'm a man, I'm a make a new plan. Q: What is your plan considering your past? A: Time for me to just stand up and travel new land. Q: What is your stance on following others' footprints? A: Ain't no following footsteps, I'm making my own. Q: What is your attempt towards escape? A: Only way that I know how to escape from, this ain't my room. Q: How do you try and regain your spirit? A: Walking these train tracks trying to regain back the spirit. Q: What's your attitude towards your sister? A: Wish that I could be the daddy that neither one of us had. Q: What's your feeling about not making it big yet? A: Sometimes I get upset, cause I ain't blew up yet. Q: How do you cope with unrecognized talent? A: Its like I grew up but I ain't grown up to nuts yet. Q: How do you communicate with God? A: Not a moment goes by that I look right at the sky, begging you God. Q: What's your hope about holding a regular job? A: Please don't let me be fishin holding no regular job. Q: How do you express your love towards your family? A: Tell my mother I love her, kiss baby sister goodbye. Q: What's your promise to your siblings? A: Say whenever you need me baby, I'm never too far. Q: What's the most significant thing to you as an MC? A: Its my credibility, you never seen, heard, smelt a met a MC who's incredible on the same pedestal as me. Q: What's your feeling about not being signed as an MC? A: The chaeque still unsigned, having a rough time, as I sit on the porch with all my friends and kick dumb rhymes. Q: How do you handle this doubt about your path? A: I need a new outlet, I'm starting to doubt shit, I'm feeling a little skeptical of who I hang out with. Q: What's your state while you are on this journey? A: And it's cold trying to travel this road, I feel like I'm always stuck in this battling mode. Q: How do you describe the city you live in? A: This city is no fun, there is no sun and it's so dark. Q: How do you handle exploring new paths? A: But I learned it's time for me to u-turn, Yo it only takes one time for me to get burned. Q: What's your stance on playing the fool? A: I can no longer play stupid or be immature. Q: How are you currently feeling with your music? A: Uh uh got the urge, suddenly it's a surge, Suddenly a new burst of energy hits the curve. Q: What is your motto in life? A: I'm a man, I'm a make a new plan, Time for me to just stand up and travel new land. Q: What's your belief about freedom? A: I am no longer scared now, I'm free as a bird. Q: Where does your path take you? A: Then I turn and cross over the medium curve, Hit the burbs and run and see it's a blur. Q: How do you plan on escaping? A: Only way that I know how to escape from, this ain't my room. Q: How is your life back home? A: Sometimes I just know not what I'm doing I just blow my head as a stove top. Q: What's your take on your own credibility? A: Its my credibility, you'd never see but it's everything to me. Q: How do you maintain your perseverance? A: I got every ingredient all I need is the courage. Q: What is your interaction with your friends? A: From each one of my limbs, by each one of my friends. Q: What's your most desired wish? A: That I could be the daddy that neither one of us had. Q: How do you describe your stumbling blocks? A: Cause I ain't having no luck with this little rappers so fuck it. Q: How is Detroit city for you? A: It's different in it, a certain significant certificate of authenticity. Q: How do you feel about serving MCs in the lunch line? A: Go to work and serve MCs in the lunch line. Q: What's your coping mechanism for stress? A: Sometimes my mouth just overloads the kettle, it gets so hot. Q: What is needed to complete your unique style? A: Like I already got the beat all I need is the word. Q: What is your approach when frustration hits you? A: Sometimes I just want to jump on stage and just kill mics. Q: What makes you hate life at times? A: But I'm still white, sometimes I just hate life. Q: How do things potentially fall apart for you? A: Something ain't right, hit the brake lights. Q: What's the aftermath of your stage fright? A: Case of this stage fright, draw on the plane flight. Q: What's your resolution towards your troubled past? A: I've just been picked so I must then get on the bus then split. Q: How you handle the pressure in your life? A: The pressure's too much man I'm just trying to do what's best. Q: How do you associate your feelings with the surroundings? A: World on my shoulders as I run back to this ain't my room. Q: What do you aim to do in life? A: Time for me to just stand up and travel new land. Q: How do you view your future? A: Once I'm over these track man I'm a never look back. Q: What's the important message you conveyed to your mom? A: Sorry momma I'm grown, I must travel alone. Q: What's your technique for building your future? A: Ain't no followin footsteps, I'm making my own. Q: What's your escape strategy from your room? A: Only way that I know how to escape from, this ain't my room. Q: Where do you find your solace? A: Walking these train tracks trying to regain back the spirit. Q: How do you think about your sister's emotion? A: There's no telling what really goes on in her little head. Q: How do you plan to be there for your sister? A: Wish that I could be the daddy that neither one of us had. Q: What's your outlet when frustration overpowers you? A: Sometimes I get upset, cause I ain't blew up yet. Q: How do you summarize your struggle? A: Its like I grew up but I ain't grown up to nuts yet. Q: How do you deal with your dreams and aspirations? A: Please don't let me be fishin holding no regular job. Q: How would you describe your lyrical prowess? A: Its my credibility, you never see, heard, smell a met a MC who's incredible on the same pedestal as me. Q: How do you cope up with being unsigned? A: The chaeque still unsigned, having a rough time. Q: How do you deal with your talent going unrecognized? A: Maybe I need a new outlet, I'm starting to doubt shit. Q: How do you handle obstacles in your path? A: And it's cold trying to travel this road. Q: How do you feel about living in the city? A: This city is no fun, there is no sun and it's so dark. Q: How do you feel about your current state of mind? A: Sometimes I just feel like a robot, sometimes I just know not. Q: What are your feelings towards your failed relationships? A: Ain't no callin her next time I need a new girl. Q: What's your coping strategy when things don't go according to plan? A: I got every ingredient all I need is the courage. Q: What do you feel when the urge to create music hits you? A: Uh uh got the urge, suddenly it's a surge. Q: How would you describe your newfound freedom and courage? A: I am no longer scared now, I'm free as a bird. Q: How do you navigate the course of your destiny? A: Then I turn and cross over the medium curve. Q: How does it feel to step out of your comfort zone? A: Hit the burbs and run and see it's a blur. Q: How do you describe your songwriting process? A: Like I already got the beat all I need is the word. Q: What's your attitude towards your frustrations? A: Man, fuck this shit, yo I'm going the fuck home. Q: What's your inner struggle when on stage? A: Case of stage fright, draw on the plane flight. Q: How do you reflect on your personal growth and childhood? A: Its like I grew up but I ain't grown up to nuts yet. Q: What's your strategy towards making it big in music? A: Trying to chase rap, gotta move ASAP. Q: How do you avoid repeating the past? A: Ain't no followin footsteps, I'm making my own. Q: How do you handle the feeling of quittin? A: I still mic, why do I put up this fight, why do I still write. Q: What skill level would you attribute to yourself? A: And show these people what my level of skill's like. Q: How do you handle being different? A: But I'm still white, sometimes I just hate life. Q: How do you contemplate during traveling? A: Call but I might fall. It ain't my fault, breaking my balls. Q: How do you express your frustrations? A: Man fuck this shit, yo I'm going the fuck home. Q: What's your response to pressure? A: My insides crawl, and I clam up, I just slam shut. Q: What worries you in public transportation? A: I've just been picked so I must then get on the bus then split. Q: What motivates you to change? A: I'm a man, I'm a make a new plan. Q: How do you find strength in standing up? A: Time for me to just stand up and travel new land. Q: What's your expectation once you step on the track? A: Once I'm over these track man, I'm a never look back. Q: What forces you to travel alone? A: Sorry momma I'm grown, I must travel alone. Q: How do you strive to be original? A: Ain't no following footsteps, I'm making my own. Q: How do you describe your escape plan? A: Only way that I know how to escape from, this ain't my room. Q: What's your inspiration to regain back your spirit? A: Walking these train tracks trying to regain back the spirit. Q: What metaphor do you use to describe your life struggle? A: Trying to chase rap, gotta move ASAP. Q: How do you sympathize with your baby sister? A: Poor little baby sister, she doesn't understand. Q: What showed your struggle in becoming a good role model? A: Wish that I could be the daddy that neither one of us had. Q: How do you contemplate on your sky-rocketing career? A: Sometimes I get upset, cause I ain't blew up yet. Q: What's your everlasting dreams? A: Please don't let me be fishin holding no regular job. Q: How important is leaving for you? A: Yo I'm telling you dog, I'm bailing this trailer tomorrow. Q: How do you deal with your feelings towards your family? A: Tell my mother I love her, kiss baby sister goodbye. Q: How does your detrimental past affect you? A: I look like a bum, yo my clothes ain't about shit. Q: What's the significance of your credibility in rapping? A: It's my credibility. You never seen, heard, smelt a met a MC who's incredible on the same pedestal as me. Q: How do you feel about not being signed yet? A: The chaeque still unsigned, having a rough time. Q: What's your attitude towards your skepticism? A: Maybe I need a new outlet, I'm starting to doubt shit. Q: How do you swallow the bitter truth of your mobility? A: And it's cold trying to travel this road. Q: How do you observe your city? A: This city is no fun. There's no sun and it's so dark. Q: What's your resolution towards failed relationships? A: Ain't no callin her next time I need a new girl. Q: How do you handle pressure and expectations when you are about to explode? A: Sometimes my mouth just overloads, the kettle gets so hot. Q: What does journey means to you? A: Hit the burbs and run and see it's a blur. Q: What change do you expect after blowing? A: I'll be back for you the second that I blow. Q: What do you hold within when life gets hard? A: But I keep running from something I never wanted so bad. Q: How do you illustrate your lack of progress? A: But when it comes crunch time, where do my punch lines go. Q: What's your coping mechanism for the obstacle you face? A: Cause I ain't having no luck with this little rappers so fuck it. Q: How do you perceive the MC industry? A: Go to work and serve MCs in the lunch line. Q: How do you maintain motivation despite the struggles? A: I got every ingredient all I need is the courage. Q: What's pushing you forward for a better tomorrow? A: Time to show these free world leaders. Three and the third. Q: Sometimes, you say, you just feel like quitting. Why do you continue to write and put up the fight? A: Still, my level of skill sometimes is perceived more as me just being white. Q: When you are dealing with real life, does it ever feel overwhelming? A: Yes, I can clam up. It's enough to make me want to slam shut, turn off the mic and just go home. Q: You speak about making a new plan and taking matters into your own hands. What is this new plan? A: It's time for me to stand up, travel new land and leave. No more following other's footsteps - I'm making my own path to escape. Q: You mentioned running from something you never wanted so bad. What it is that you are running from? A: I am always running from being stuck in a regular job. I don't want to be caught fishin', doing the same old things. Q: Why do you feel pressure in your life? A: It's not about my step or my rep. The pressure's about me trying to do what I think is best in a world that can be too much. Q: Where is it you've said you're going? A: I know right where I'm going - out there, where I've got to get with the only way I know how, no matter how far it takes me. Q: What do you say about facing the challenges of proving your authenticity in Detroit city limits? A: It's crucial, you know. My authenticity, my credibility, it's everything to me even if you never even see it. Q: What do you think when it comes to having a rough time and not being able to break into the industry? A: Sometimes I feel like just another one grabbing at the bucket, not going anywhere with these little raps. Q: How do you feel about your appearances and outfits? A: I may look like a bum because my clothes are nothing to fuss about, but I continue to stand up and push ahead. Q: When you say you're being pulled apart from each one of your limbs, by each one of your friends, what do you mean? A: Sometimes I feel like I'm a robot being torn in different directions, it gets so overwhelming my head feels like a stove top ready to blow. Q: What did you mean when you said you need more than just the beat and the courage? A: To create, I need words, as much as the beat, and a sudden burst of energy. Sometimes, this energy hits the curve and comes around. Q: What is your message to those who follow free world leaders? A: It's time to show them. I'm no longer scared now, suddenly am free as a bird, crossing over the medium curve. Q: What do you want to tell your mother about your journey? A: I tell her sorry, I'm grown. I must travel alone. But wherever I am, I'm never too far and I'll always be back when needed. Q: You said sometimes you just hate life. Why is that? A: Yes, sometimes life just ain't right, I hit the brake lights. It feels like a stage fright on a plane flight. Q: What happens when you feel your insides crawl? A: When I feel my insides crawl, I may slam shut, just can't do it. It's as if my manhood has been stripped. Q: Why is the world on your shoulders often? A: It's the pressure of knowing I need to leave my familiar world behind to make a new plan and to chase my dreams. Q: You hope to make a new plan. What does that involve? A: My plan is to stand up, leave, move, and chase my dreams, all by myself, free to travel new land, far from this place that isn't my room. Q: You speak about moving on and never looking back. How does that make you feel? A: It's a resolution. Once I successfully go over these tracks, I'm gone and I won't look back. It's about doing what I must to grow and mature. Q: You mentioned your baby sister and wishing you could be the father neither of you had. Why is that? A: She's innocent, doesn't understand the secrets of life. I wish I could provide her with the fatherly love and protection we never had. Q: How does not having a 'rep' affect you? A: Not having a rep, not having enough pep - it puts pressure on me. It makes me feel like I still haven't grown up. Q: How does it feel when the pressure becomes too much? A: Too much pressure makes me sit alone and I cry. It's intense and overwhelming, but I don't tell them why. Q: Why do you not want a regular job? A: Because I would feel as though I'm just fishin', tied down, stuck. I crave for a life far beyond the mundane. Q: You spoke about leaving tomorrow, what led to this decision? A: The world on my shoulders and the longing for change pushed me to make this decision. I want to get out there and reach my dreams. Q: When you are in this battling mode, what goes through your mind? A: It's cold and tough, it feels like I'm stuck, I feel like I don't want pity from anyone, but always surrounded by darkness. Q: What does being on the 'same pedestal' mean to you? A: It means being seen and acknowledged as equal, as worthy. It's crucial to my authenticity and credibility as a rapper. Q: Why does traveling this road feel cold to you? A: Because it's filled with challenges and trials. But it's still a journey, a path to better things. Q: Why do you feel like an overloaded kettle sometimes? A: Sometimes, my thoughts and feelings boil over, as if they've reached a breaking point. It's like an overload of my mental acid, ready to explode. Q: When at the point of feeling burned, how does that impact you? A: It's a hard lesson learned. But it only needs to happen once for me to move on and for me to seek a new way of doing things. Q: What does it mean to be 'free as a bird' to you? A: It means to be unfettered. To be able to soar higher, to cross borders, and to fear nothing. Q: Why do you want to escape from this particular room? A: Consider it a metaphor - the room isn't my home. It's a state of being where stagnation, fear, and reluctance reside. I aim to escape from it. Q: What is the significance of walking these train tracks to regain back the spirit? A: It's about trying to progress, to move forward and regain the spirit and drive I once had. Q: When you say, "I'm never too far," what are you implying? A: Despite venturing into the unknown on my own, I want to reassure those I love that I'm always available, never too far away. Q: Why is being mature and growing up a crucial part of your journey? A: Maturity comes with acknowledging the need for change and growth. I need to stand up, protest and fight for my aspirations. Q: Can you explain the duality of seemingly growing up and yet not growing up to nuts yet? A: It’s about reaching adulthood in physical terms, but feeling like I'm not yet meeting the expectations or societal norms in terms of achievements. Q: What do you mean by "I ain't having any luck with this little rap"? A: It’s being stuck in a rut, not able to find success or progress in my music career despite all the effort I put in. Q: Why do you reference a new burst of energy to show these free world leaders? A: I need that burst of energy, that surge of initiative and drive, to make my mark in the world and show these supposed leaders what I'm really all about. Q: You mention leaving your mom and baby sister behind, how difficult is this for you? A: It's tough but necessary. I express my love for them, assuring them that even in my absence, my affections are unwavering. Q: When you speak about your friends pulling you apart, can you explain what this feels like? A: It's like being split in different directions by conflicting demands and expectations, so much so that it feels like I'm a robot about to malfunction. Q: What did you mean by expressing that your mouth overloads the acid you don’t have? A: It’s an expression of frustration and angst, fueled by my life experiences and the pressures I face. Q: Who do you consider significant in giving you a certificate of authenticity? A: The credibility of my life experiences, my struggles, and triumphs are the significant elements that authenticate my lyrics and music. Q: When you call yourself a robot, what exactly are you trying to convey? A: I'm expressing the automated, mechanical feeling of going through the motions daily without feeling purpose or passion. Q: How does it feel to be juggled between your friends and family, and your passion, rap? A: It's a continuous tug of war, a block between my responsibilities to my friends and family, and my pursuit of music. Q: When you say "serve MCs in the lunch line," who are these MCs? A: They are other rappers or musicians. It's about taking them on in the music industry, out-rapping them in the metaphorical "lunch line." Q: Why does the lack of clothing impact your credibility? A: It’s about society's perception. Looks often matter and not looking the part may impact my credibility or the way people perceive me. Q: Can you describe the rough time you've faced? A: Struggling to break into the industry, doubting my own skills, not having enough luck with my music - these contribute to a rough time. Q: What is the importance of crossing over the medium curve? A: It signifies a major turning point, crossing over from one phase to another, from fear and uncertainty to confidence and determination. Q: Is there a reason why you reference the city of Detroit in your lyrics? A: Detroit, where I come from, it defines me. The city and its struggles have shaped my life and contribute to the authenticity of my music. Q: How do you feel when your clothes aren't about anything? A: My clothes might not represent wealth or success, but they represent my struggle, my journey, my authenticity as an individual. Q: Why is finding a new outlet important to you? A: When the current path isn’t working, finding a new outlet - a new path, method, or approach - becomes important for progress and success. Q: You mention being skeptical about who you hang out with. Can you elaborate? A: I question the company I keep, who may or may not have my best interests at heart. It's about being wary of influences around me. Q: Who are you and how do you define your life? A: My name is Marshall, and it's my life, in my own words I guess. Q: What would you sacrifice for someone you deeply love? A: Have you ever loved someone so much, you'd give an arm for? Not the expression, no, literally give an arm for? Q: As a protective person, what would you do if anyone tries to harm your loved ones? A: When they know they're your heart and you know you were their Armour, I will destroy anyone who would try to harm 'em. Q: What happens when karma comes around? A: When karma, turns right around and bites you, and everything you stand for, turns on you, despite you. Q: In times of pain, how do you handle obligations like fatherhood and work? A: Daddy's writing this song, this song ain't going to write itself. I'll give you one underdog then you gotta swing by yourself. Q: How do you express your love to your daughter? A: Then turn right around on that song and tell her you love her. Q: What is the legacy of Slim Shady? A: That's Slim Shady, yeah baby, Slim Shady's crazy. Shady made me, but tonight Shady's rocka by baby. Q: How do you want people to handle your departure? A: And when I'm gone, just carry on. Don't mourn, rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice. Q: What happens in your recurring dream? A: I keep having this dream, I'm pushing Hailie on the swing and she keeps screaming, 'You're making mommy cry', asking 'why is mommy crying?' Q: How would you describe your commitment to your family? A: "Daddy ain't leaving no more, you always say this is the last time But you ain't leaving no more, Daddy you're mine." Q: What happens when you try to leave? A: She's piling boxes in front of the door trying to block it, 'Daddy please daddy, don't leave daddy no, stop it'. Q: When staring at your reflection, what do you hear and feel? A: These fucking walls must be talking 'cause man I can hear 'em. They're saying you got one more chance to do right, and it's tonight. Q: How do you interpret the crowd cheering for you? A: Sixty thousand people, all jumping out their seat. The curtain closes, they're throwing roses at my feet. Q: How did your daughter react to mommy's self harm? A: 'Daddy, it's me, help mommy, her wrists are bleeding', But baby we're in Sweden, how did you get to Sweden? Q: How does the crowd perceive your struggles with sleep and reliance on pills? A: Just take another, pill, yeah I bet you, you will. You rap about it, yeah word, keep it real. Q: How do you fight your suicidal thoughts? A: I turn around, find a gun on the ground, cock it. Put it to my brain, scream "Gosh Shady" and pop it. Q: How does the world know you best? A: As Shady made me, but tonight Shady's a rockabye baby. Q: What happens when your reality blurs with your dreams? A: The sky darkens, my life flashes, The plane that I was supposed to be on crashes and burns to ashes. Q: How do you feel when you're standing in front of your fans? A: Sixty thousand people, all jumping out of their seat. The curtain closes, they're throwing roses at my feet. Q: How do you promise to remember your audience? A: I take a bow, ‘And thank you all for coming out’. Q: What horrifying sight did you find on stage? A: I glance down, I don’t believe what I’m seeing, ‘Daddy it’s me, help mommy, her wrists are bleeding' Q: How do you feel being on stage when Hailie needs you at home? A: That's what they want, they want you Marshal, they keep screamin your name, it's no wonder you can't go to sleep. Q: The last time you walked out of your bedroom door, what did it turn into? A: It turns into a stage, they're gone. And the spotlight is on and I'm singing. Q: How does it feel to wake up knowing everything was just a dream? A: That's when I wake up, alarm clock's ringing. There's birds singing, it's spring, and Hailie's outside swinging. Q: How do you cherish the moments with your family upon waking up? A: I walk right up to Kim and kiss her, tell her I miss her. Q: What's your biggest fear on stage? A: The curtain is closing on me. Q: How does it feel to be followed all the way to Sweden? A: You lied to me dad, and now you made mommy sad. I just want to give you this coin, I get the point, fine, me and mommy are going. Q: How did your daughter attempt to keep you safe? A: Goes in her pocket, pulls out a tiny necklace locket, it's got a picture ‘This'll keep you safe daddy, take it witcha' Q: How do you reconcile with your darker entity, Slim Shady? A: That's Slim Shady, yeah baby, Slim Shady's crazy. Q: Who do you protect that is most dear to you? A: When they know they're your heart and you know you were their Armour Q: How does it feel when everything you stand for betrays you? A: And everything you stand for, turns on you, despite you. Q: How do you feel when you have no control over your life and events around you? A: What happens when you become the main source of pain? Q: How do you handle questions about your wife from your daughter? A: I don't know go play Hailie, baby, your Daddy's busy. Q: How would you describe your alter ego, Slim Shady? A: Slim Shady's crazy, Shady made me. Q: What does the phrase "When I'm gone" mean to you? A: Just carry on, don't mourn. Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice. Q: What reassurances do you offer to those you love when you're gone? A: Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling. And I didn't feel a thing, so baby don't feel no pain, just smile back. Q: What's your promise to your fans? A: And when I'm gone, just carry on. Don't mourn, rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice. Q: How would you describe the atmosphere at your concerts? A: Sixty thousand people, all jumping out their seat. They're screaming so loud. Q: What does your daughter's presence during your difficult moments signify? A: I followed you daddy, you told me that you weren't leaving. Q: What emotions are you forced to confront when you see your daughter? A: But baby, wait. It's too late, dad. You made your choice. Now go out there and show 'em that you love 'em more than us. Q: How do you respond to the pressures of fame and tour life? A: Just take another pill, yeah I bet you, you will. You rap about it, yeah word, keep it real. Q: How does it feel to find yourself on the brink of self-destruction? A: I turn around, find a gun on the ground, cock it. Put it to my brain, scream 'Gosh Shady' and pop it. Q: How does your life appear to you in your darkest moments? A: The sky darkens, my life flashes. The plane that I was supposed to be on crashes and burns to ashes. Q: What's the sign that you're dreaming? A: When I keep having this dream, I'm pushing Hailie on the swing she keeps screaming. Q: How does your daughter react to your leaving? A: "Daddy you're lying, You always say that, you always say this is the last time." Q: How does your daughter try to prevent you from leaving? A: She's piling boxes in front of the door trying to block it. Q: What souvenir does Hailie give you to keep you safe? A: She goes in her pocket, pulls out a tiny necklace locket, it's got a picture. Q: How do you interpret your daughter's protective action in your subconscious mind? A: I look up, it's just me standing in the mirror. Q: How hard is the pressure you feel from your conscience? A: The mirror is talking, saying you got one more chance to do right, it's tonight. Q: What did the bedroom door turn into when you tried to walk out? A: It turned into a stage, the spotlight is on, and I'm singing. Q: What happens to you when you're on stage? A: The curtain closes, they're throwing roses at my feet, Sixty thousand people, all jumping out of their seat. Q: What did you notice when you glanced down at the stage? A: "Daddy, it's me, help mommy her wrists are bleeding." Q: How did your daughter manage to follow you to Sweden? A: "I followed you daddy, you told me that you weren't leaving." Q: What memento did your daughter buy for you as a plea? A: A coin, it says, "Number one dad." Q: What ultimatum did Hailie give you? A: "It's too late dad, you made your choice." Q: What's the implication of Hailie's words? A: Now go out there and show 'em that you love 'em more than us. Q: What does it mean when people are screaming your name? A: It's no wonder you can't go to sleep. Q: What does the crowd's applause signify for you? A: All this time, I couldn't see. How could it be that the curtain is closing on me? Q: What happens when Shady takes over? A: I find a gun on the ground, cock it. I scream 'Gosh, Shady!' and pop it. Q: What's the metaphor for your darkest moment? A: The sky darkens. My life flashes. The plane that I was supposed to be on crashes and burns to ashes. Q: How do you overcome that moment? A: When I wake up, the alarm clock's ringing. Q: How do you assure your daughter when she's swinging outside? A: I walk right up to Kim and kiss her, tell her I miss her. Q: What does Hailie's smile signify? A: Hailie just smiles and winks at her little sister, almost as if to say. Q: What's the ultimate message you give to your loved ones? A: And when I'm gone, Don't mourn, rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice. Q: How do you respond to the crowd after a performance? A: I take a bow, "And thank you all for coming out." Q: What shocking incident occurs when you're performing? A: "Daddy, it's me, help mommy, her wrists are bleeding." Q: How do you justify lying to your daughter about your constant departures? A: And I bought you this coin. It says, "Number 1 dad", that's all I wanted. Q: What's the last image you have before the curtain closes? A: The sky darkens, my life flashes. The plane that I was supposed to be on crashes and burns to ashes. Q: How do you want people to react when you're gone? A: Same as before, just carry on, don't mourn, just smile back. Q: What's the underlying pain in your dreams? A: She's screaming, "You're making mommy cry, why, why is mommy crying?" Q: What promise do you keep breaking to your family? A: "Daddy ain't leaving no more." Q: How does your daughter cope with your constant disappearance? A: She blocks the door, begging "Daddy please daddy, don't leave daddy no, stop it." Q: What regret do you have when you're about to walk out of your bedroom door? A: I have one more chance to do right, and it's tonight.
